we can have a physical description as well as a mental model(currenty called description)
    the physical description can be what other people use as your title until they learn your name
        they have another option which is "set title" that they can do to set your title to something else as they learn more about you

we need a way to keep track of names that the reader knows

there should be occasional big events in stories, characters die, people have babies, murders, etc.. it would be good if there was foreshadowing as well somehow

A long streak ending can also be taken into account with tail

maybe involve anki cards created around certain dates in tail

Instead of just using some clipboard items in story, give all the clipboard items (and dates/times) to a seperate ai and have it give a paragraph on what kind of a person would have such a clipboard history, and what kind of day they might have had, then use that as the audience we are writing for if trying to give them a trippy experience without them knowing that their clipboard was being used. 
    when i give clipboard items i can just tell it how many of duplicates

-similarly, tell all habit stats(as well as weekly and monthly averages) and receive back a couple sentences on how the person is probably feeling about their day based on that. Possibly all this can be done together, or maybe seperate and then use the descriptions from each when making the story.

SPLIT PERSONALITIES
    Maybe the story can be greater if there are seperate character instances. There can be a narator/gm that makes world decisions, and seperate characters each with their own memory. There can also be an observer/writer that takes notes and keeps track of the most important/interesting bits.

    Basically set up the AI to have a backstory, a personality, goals, and then put it into a sort of a text based role playing game. The situations and atmosphere can be made by another AI, but the characters should not have complete information, they should just be told what stuff they would actually know. Multiple characters can have genuine interactions and can each be born out of different time periods of the users life. After the character plays the game for a bit, then the log from its game can be passed of to another AI that dresses it up and turns it into a story.

Tail could randomly choose an old todo item and incorporate it into a story and give it as a mission.

FLOW
    if there is no character, we should make one
    decide if this will be a standard day or a special day(based on scoring rewards)

STORY PROMPT
    THINGS TO ASK FOR:
        summary
        list of characters involved in the story

CONSTANT RECORDING
    Lets say I am constantly recording my computer screen and extracting all the text from it. I can go back to any point in time and take a bunch of the stuff I was learning about and reading about from any point in time, and then use that data to create a character. I want to give it nice places to pull characters from, meaning I want to give unique habit landscapes(long streaks, periods where I am doing a specific thing a lot, maybe even times when I break a whole lots of streaks), and these landscapes, the more unique they are could have a higher chance of being used to make a character. 
        -maybe the more unique the landscape is, the more likely it is to be used to make a character, but even boring landscapes can sometimes turn into characters as well.

    In addition to using constant recording to make characters, I can also use it to make stories. For example I can take a character and have them "travel" through some other time point in my life.

    Images can be used from this as well, and they can be passed through image generation ai to make them more interesting and incorporate them into the story.

    I could just take an automatic screenshots once every second or so, extract text and save the images. possibly pass the images through some sort of ai that determines if there is anything interesting in them, and if so, save them.

CHARACTER CREATION
    create a folder of data for this character
    choose random name from copies or other input
    randomly choose an age from 0 to 100
        time will be incremented at some sort of constant accelerated rate
    when a character is made they can be birthed out of a certain period of time of the users history, this way in order for the user to get a varied, interesting story they need to have a varied, interesting life
    when we search around a certain period of time to make a new character we can look to see if there is any actual person mentioned in the clipboard or todos from around then, 
        if there is then we can use that real persons life as a model, maybe even take a couple people and make a hybrid of their lives as a model
    Whenever a name is mentioned in a story, start a file on that new character so we have characters to use later when we want to add more
    A character can take into themselves the top habit streaks and top anti-streaks from when theyre made, and then these habits can be off limits from the other future characters.
        !A probably better variation on this might be that a few habits are randomly chosen(maybe randomly choose a couple streaks and anti-streaks), and then based on how extreme those streaks are compared to other streaks, that is how into the given things those characters are
        -Maybe insted of even giving chatgpt all the habits we could just randomly pick some or pick some in some way and then pick stats about them and give these stats to chatgpt.
            it can also include information about how many of each thing i am doing in a day, not only streaks  
    in tail when using habits to make a new character, it should take some heavy artistic liberty to make something from whatever the habit is, a super power or a maybe a special skill or something that is tangentally related to the habits chosen
    Even new habits being added should be taken into account when creating characters. there should be some spectrum of how good or bad a character is maybe.
    When a character is made, they can also have images generated of them - at first maybe just to suplement the stories being made, but eventually maybe graphic novels could be automatically generated. And eventually even video.


DAILY ROUTINE
    choose a character to make a story about
    choose a day/days from the past
        maybe a guarenteed recent one, and then one that is from any time, or maybe even just one from any time
    based on the chosen day/days 
        get some clipboard data from around that day
        get some habits data from around that day
        get some diary data from around that day
        get some todo data from around that day - this only works if todo items are dated
        get some dream data from around that day - this only works if dreams are dated
        get a tail story from around that day
    write the story 
        it should have a lot to do with the summaries of the last few stories about this character

    present the story
    write a summary of the story to be saved with the date and used when making later stories

NEW STORYLINE
    take a whole bunch of random days from around the recent time period to make a new character with their own new storyline, maybe have some chance that they will interact with other characters.

    Maybe the outline doesn't always need to be adhered to, there can be a random chance that we return to the main story line, but allow ourselves to drift from place to place based on user actions.

    when a story just happens to involve a character, we could have it choose from a list of characters that already exist, based on descriptions/summaries of each of the characters 

SONGS
    If I had a way to know what songs the user has been listening to lately, then stories could occasionally have songs cleverly integrated into them, like the final line of a story could be a main line from the song, or there could be things that happen throughout the story that are various lines from the song

QUESTIONS
    can user provide a goodness rating for the story?
    should the story come out once per day?
        probably in the morning
    should story length be connected to the number of habits that I did the previous day/today/week/month?
    how can i seperate bigger deal events from smaller ones, like new 5k record, if i put it in with unusual events then it wont stick out, if i put it in broken records then it also wont stick out..
        I have the other 'events' list, but i was thinking that that would go away because i have unusual events.
            OPTION: give unusual events importance weights
            OPTION: make a seperate special events list with/without importance weights

use the recent contents from clipboard.md
    it could pull out some recent ideas(more heavily weighted on the present, but also some from the past)

when a story goes to get generated, we should first clean up the clipboard file
    remove duplicate pastes
    remove urls?
    remove code copies? maybe just make a note that indicates how much coding was done, maybe get variable names out of it to be used randomly/out of context in the story

DIARY
    a place to input random unusual events that happen in a day, i could give events a number based on how big of a deal they are

IMPROVED HABITS SYSTEM
    hook up to garmin data somehow
    track amount of time that VSCode is the active window
        an alternative to this would be to have a hotkey that tells it when I am coding, although best to just have it automatically detect it
    move away from tasker and into a standalone app

STRATEGY
    Maybe we should not include anything from the last few days in the story
        However, maybe there is some affect that immediately affect it, like the chances that something rare happens is increased by recent stats (rewards for doing lots of a thing in a day or something)
    Have all the things that can be included in the consideration of the story, each with their own weights
        some stuff should always be included, other things are only sometimes a part of it
        maybe there should be somewhere that i can see everything that the story was pulled from
            somethings i think i definetly want to see (like the todo item referenced in the story)
            other things I may not want to know about so that the story is more of a surprise

MISC
    A seperate instance of the bot could be shown all of my clipboard items for a day and be asked to give a summary of what kinds of things I did that day.
    it can search on the internet for recent information on anything

    feeling of knowing what will happen, being right, and not knowing why. This may be able to be induced by incorporating stuff from around the same day in the story without necessarily telling the user what day it is that is being used. This feeling could be rated and tracked in tails.
        if gpt can search then in addition to using my stuff from a certain day/s then it could also do some searching to find the big news stories from around that time

    I only need to get a few people interested enough to want to work on it. If some start, then maybe more will.

    Maybe put all related files into a single db? 

    How is it possible to have everything locally encrypted and then backed up online?

    The more interesting unique things you give it, the better your tails will be. There can be insentives as well to accomplish many habits because it can increase the chances of a more interesting prompt being used to generate the days Story(as well as even using a better model).

    Instead of a new experience, maybe an "out of fishbowl" Experience because sometimes just unusual experiences are great

    I could use stuff from my gallery somehow in tail, maybe with a combination of sd and image to text with some of the things from around the target date

    Maybe make a new github for tail?

EVENTUALLY
    -maybe there is a framework that is a story that i actually create, and all of the stories sort of come from that framework, the whole idea being the sim stuff stuff. occasionally new sims get created, stories take place in it, rules get made, and then new sims can be visited and the memory stays tied to them. this way we can have callbacks to previous stories, and the stories can be more connected.
    -color themes can be involved in tail
    -Story maker should do callbacks to stories that happened last time or previous times I did similar large amounts of habits. When new habits are added, stories should comment on the newcomer. When I do a habit that I have not done in a long time, the story should mention things from the last time i did that habit. If I don't do a habit for quite awhile, then it should encourage me to do it by mentioning stuff from stories that were around back when i was doing that thing alot. There should be some sort of continuity from day to day.

THINGS IN A TAiL
    todo(inbox) items
    copied text
    current habits streaks
        long streak
        streak that ended
    daily diary
    dreams
        transcribe old dreams
        notes about daily dreams
        other peoples databases of dreams?
    past TAiLs
        yesterdays/past few days
        distant callbacks
    ---------------maybe-------------
    current news items with some sort of automated search

INTERFACE
    a control panel that allows me to alter the weights of different things

CONTINUITY
    there can be several different characters that each have their own databases
        usually only one character is used per story, but sometimes characters can be mixed together
    a vague summary can be made for a chapter of a character, and we keep track of which part of the summary we are in for a character
        this can be extended as time goes on as well

SCORING
    POSSIBLE SCORING TYPES
        daily score that is like a number of tickets into a lottery,
            and the lottery that you are even involved in is based on the score teir
                these teirs could be baesd on daily, weekly, or monthly
        ongoing score that occasionally reaches a point of a guarenteed reward
    score goes up when i do lots of habits, score goes down when i dont do habits
    something like a looping scoring system where when you make it around, you get rewarded with something rare/random, 
        new character is added, (the reader may not know right away if this is a new main character or a fleeting side character - this is more so the case if new characters are introduced alongside current characters)
        characters are mixed together in the same story
        characters can have various rarities, and even just having one appear could be a reward

the reward can be based on relative scoring

one thing to be rewarded for is the number of habits i do
    as well as the number of the habits that i am currently streaking on
    there can be punishment for being currently on the longest haitus ever for a habit

THOUGHTS
    It could have to do with my current location
        maybe this is just a "main character" things
        characters could have their own locations that are kept track of in a sort of biography file (this bio could even keep track of where they have been)

QUOTE
    "I think that the best way to get a story is to have a bunch of different 

     -----
     
     “Those who dream by day are cognizant of many things which escape those who dream only by night.”

― Edgar Allan Poe, Eleonora 