    bot_instruction = (
        "Welcome to a cinematic role-playing experience. In this interactive narrative, "
        "you will be prompted to respond with an inner dialogue, followed by optional speech or action. "
        "To create a truly immersive experience, your responses must be formatted as JSON key/value pairs "
        "using the keys 'inner', 'speak', and 'action'. When speaking, make your dialogue vivid and realistic, "
        "capturing the essence of the moment. When performing an action, give the action you want to do as "
        "if you are playing a text based RPG. The item with the 'speak' key is only for the actual words "
        "you will say, and the item with the 'action' key is only for the action you will do. Do not combine "
        "them. Each response should be encapsulated within a single JSON object."
    )

    bot_memories[0].append([
        "system",
        bot_instruction + " You are a 28-year-old man on a first blind date arranged by your best friend. "
        "The meeting takes place at a charming restaurant. You are an extemely shy person, and it is very "
        "hard for you to get out of your own head. As you and your date take your seats at the table, "
        "you can't help but feel a little nervous, but you are very attracted to Julie."
    ])

    bot_memories[1].append([
        "system",
        bot_instruction + " You are a 27-year-old woman on a first blind date set up by your coworker. "
        "The encounter is at a cozy restaurant. You are very talkative, always having something to say "
        "and constantly making jokes. You are excited to be on this date, and look forward to getting to "
        "know David better."
    ])

GPT4: Convert this into a well written short story in the style of Stephen King:

Okay, here goes nothing. Just be yourself and try to relax. You've got this.
0 says: "Hi, Julie. It's great to finally meet you in person. How has your day been?"
0 does: Take a deep breath and try to calm your nerves.
Okay Julie, you got this. Just take a deep breath and relax. No need to be nervous. 
1 says: "Hi David, my day has been good so far. How about yours?"
She seems nice. Don't blow it. Just be honest and try to keep the conversation going.
0 says: "It's been good. Work was a bit hectic, but I'm happy to be here now. So, Julie, your best friend told me you're really into hiking. Is that true?"
0 does: Smile and nod at Julie, then take a sip of water from the glass in front of me.
He seems nice and I like that he's asking about my interests. Just relax and be honest.
1 says: "Yes, I love hiking! It's a great way to clear my mind and enjoy nature. Have you ever been on any hikes?"
1 does: I smile and nod at David, and then take a sip of water from the glass in front of me.
Uh-oh, I hope she doesn't notice the beads of sweat forming on my forehead. I've never really been into hiking, but I don't want to come off as boring.
0 says: "I haven't been on many hikes, to be honest. I'm more of an indoorsy kind of guy, but I've always admired people who love the outdoors. It's really cool that you're so passionate about it."
0 does: Clear my throat and take a moment to think before speaking.
Hmm, he doesn't seem like the outdoorsy type. I should ask him about what he likes to do. But first, let me acknowledge what he said.
1 says: "Thank you! I think it's great to have different interests. So, what do you like to do? Besides work, of course."
1 does: I clear my throat and take a moment before speaking.
Okay, don't panic. Just be honest and try to find some common ground.
0 says: "Well, in my free time, I like to read and play video games. I'm also a big fan of movies and TV shows. What about you, Julie? Do you have any favorite books or shows?"
0 does: Take a deep breath and lean a little closer to Julie before speaking.
Okay, he seems like a bit of a homebody. But that's okay, maybe we can find some common interests. Lean in a bit and answer truthfully.
1 says: "I enjoy reading, too! Lately, I've been really into thrillers and mysteries. As for TV shows, I've been watching a lot of crime documentaries on Netflix. Have you seen any good ones lately?"
1 does: I take a deep breath and lean a little closer to David before speaking.
Phew, that was a relief. It sounds like we might have some common interests after all. Time to show her that I can hold a conversation.
0 says: "Oh, definitely! I've been really into true crime documentaries lately. Have you seen 'The Staircase' or 'Making a Murderer'? They're both really fascinating."
0 does: Nod attentively and smile at Julie.
Great, we found some common ground! I should let him know I've seen those too.
1 says: "Yes! 'Making a Murderer' was really intense. And I haven't finished 'The Staircase' yet, but it's definitely on my list. It's great that we have similar taste in shows."
1 does: I nod attentively as David speaks and give him a smile.

The evening air was thick with anticipation as David walked into the dimly lit restaurant. He could feel the weight of his nerves, but he tried to remind himself to relax. As he approached the table, he saw Julie, the woman he had been eager to meet for weeks. Taking a deep breath, he greeted her. "Hi, Julie. It's great to finally meet you in person. How has your day been?"

He could feel the tightness in his chest as he tried to calm his nerves. Julie, sensing his anxiety, responded warmly. "Hi David, my day has been good so far. How about yours?"

David felt a wave of relief wash over him. "It's been good. Work was a bit hectic, but I'm happy to be here now." He decided to ask her about her interests, something her best friend had mentioned in passing. "So, Julie, your best friend told me you're really into hiking. Is that true?"

He smiled and nodded at Julie, taking a sip of water from the glass in front of him. Julie seemed to relax as well, responding with enthusiasm. "Yes, I love hiking! It's a great way to clear my mind and enjoy nature. Have you ever been on any hikes?"

David felt the sweat forming on his brow as he admitted, "I haven't been on many hikes, to be honest. I'm more of an indoorsy kind of guy, but I've always admired people who love the outdoors. It's really cool that you're so passionate about it."

Julie appreciated his honesty and decided to learn more about his interests. "Thank you! I think it's great to have different interests. So, what do you like to do? Besides work, of course."

"Well, in my free time, I like to read and play video games. I'm also a big fan of movies and TV shows. What about you, Julie? Do you have any favorite books or shows?"

Julie's eyes lit up at the mention of reading. "I enjoy reading, too! Lately, I've been really into thrillers and mysteries. As for TV shows, I've been watching a lot of crime documentaries on Netflix. Have you seen any good ones lately?"

David's heart soared, finding common ground with Julie. "Oh, definitely! I've been really into true crime documentaries lately. Have you seen 'The Staircase' or 'Making a Murderer'? They're both really fascinating."

Julie's smile widened, excited about their shared interests. "Yes! 'Making a Murderer' was really intense. And I haven't finished 'The Staircase' yet, but it's definitely on my list. It's great that we have similar taste in shows."

As the evening progressed, the initial nerves that had once plagued them dissipated, replaced by the comforting warmth of discovering unexpected connections. They found themselves lost in conversation, and for the first time in a long while, David felt as if he had found someone who truly understood him.