put possible_universes into json format so that they can be loaded into the universe

the universe needs to be told to never say what an already existing character decides to do

DEBUGGING 1 char room
I keep getting this error:
    debug1
    parse_character_response response As you approach the man, he grabs you by the arm and leads you out of the room and down a long hallway. You can hear the sound of footsteps echoing in the distance.
    {
        "inner": "What's going on? Where is he taking me?",
        "speak": "Can you tell me what's happening? Why did you bring me here?",
        "action": "Try to assess your surroundings and figure out if there is any way to escape or defend yourself if things turn sour." 
    }
    Error: Expecting value: line 1 column 1 (char 0)
it is saving very little to to backups/full_text.txt
the history is not getting anything from the universe
nothing is going into the text box  
    find out if this is the case now due to code changes or if it is just with the universe. Maybe multi character is broken now as well.
    -that error that is being printed is from the catch e , i think something is crashing inside of the parse_character_response, and that is making the rest of the main loop from running

See if the universe is able to do something like host a hand by hand poker game. Maybe gpt4 would be better for this.

maybe the universe should not be able to introduce new characters? not sure, maybe it should be able to..

save number of tokens in history

make a universe that affects the story

make a directory of files that have different jsons in it that can be loaded into storygen as story_seed
    ask gpt how to make an initial dropdown menu

when program runs, 
    show a list of files in story prompts starter directory
    show a list of previous stories that could be continued



    there should be a way to load a history into the storygen with option to 
        view it with colors
        continue it


make something that automatically creates histories from each story that gets run
    it should include the backups(these need renamed, prompt_logs)

When two characters first interact there should be an introduction function that gives them each others descriptions

LOCATIONS:
    characters, items, should have a physical locations. There could be multiple locations going at the same time with different characters. The narrator could receive both at the end to make the completed story.